ImpGPE V4.1 23rd June 1995                   Trevor Kellaway (CIS:100331,2330)


ImpGPE is a DOS command line program which takes a GPeditor style GPE file
and applies all the patch information to GP.EXE.

ImpGPE is intended as a simple replacement for GPeditor's "Import - GPE"
function for those people who can't (or don't want to) run Windows.

     Usage: ImpGPE (GPE filename) [Output Names filename] [GP.EXE]

For example:

     ImpGPE F1SA.GPE F1SA.NAM GP.EXE

The above line reads the patch data from F1SA.GPE and applies the patches to
GP.EXE. If F1SA.GPE also contains the drivers/teams/engines names a game
compatible names file is written to F1SA.NAM. Only the input GPE filename
need be specified, GPE.NAM will be used as the default filename for the names
files, and GP.EXE as the default for the game.

The patch information comprises all the car and helmet colours, the car
performance information, the driver performance information, the driver aids,
AI car grip and player's car power.

The Import file may also contain a comment. If this is the case the comment
will be displayed along with the date/time the file was created and which
version of GPeditor was used to create it.

Note that there is no way to paint your own car colour with ImpGPE.  Use
GP.EXE "Driver Selection" command to setup your own name in the F1SA.NAM
file.

ImpGPE will also allow you to use any of the driving aids at any skill level.

Make sure you have taken a backup copy of GP.EXE just in case things go
wrong. Note that if you miss out the name file *and* specify GP.EXE then
it will overwrite your GP.EXE file with the name information, probably not
what you intended! <g>

Further Info
------------
Please send any suggestions, comments, or bug reports (include the version 
of IMPGPE you are using [run it without any options to see the version])
to the author at:

CompuServe:    100331,2330
Internet:      100331.2330@compuserve.com

This program may be freely copied and distributed, as long as it is not
modified in any way, no fee is charged and this file is always included.
This program is provided "as is" with no warranties expressed or implied.
The author will not be held responsible for any losses incurred, either
directly or indirectly by the use of this program.

This is *not* an MPS product.
